So, what I wanna talk about today
is I wanna talk about how to squash
JavaScript bugs.
Because JavaScript can be hard,
it can be quite painful to
work with a lot of the time.
There's so
many different things that can go wrong.
Your code itself layered on top of
the asynchronous nature of JavaScript
being pushed across networks we don't
control and don't understand into
browsers that might operate differently
than the ones that we develop our site on.
But I don't want it to be painful.
I want JavaScript, it starts out so
wonderful and hypnotic and
then as you're going it
just seems to get worse and
worse and you end up with this
disaster of an application.
Instead, it needs to be wonderful.
It needs to have a great user experience.
So many of the web applications that we
all interact with on a day-to-day basis
are buggy and frustrating.
And I don't want our
applications to be that way.
So here's what we're
gonna talk about today.
First, we're gonna start
out with a little game,
where we're gonna talk about JavaScript,
and how weird and bizarre it can be.
And then we're gonna talk conceptually for
a minute about how to fix bugs.
What is the process that we need to
go through in order to find, fix and
prevent bugs from happening?
And then we're gonna get
into the real meat of this.
And we're gonna talk about an application,
we're going to debug it together.
I have a bunch of different
classifications of bugs
that we're gonna
collaboratively go through.
We're gonna do that again after lunch.
We'll close out the day with some ideas
on how to design our applications
with debuggability in mind, so
that when bugs inevitable happen, so
that we can pull them back
out of our code easily.